[checklists] Update V2S checklists (#10713)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/project/checklist.md

## V2S

### SEC_CM_TESTPLAN_COMPLETED

The testplan has been updated with the necessary testpoints and covergroups to adequately verify all security countermeasures implemented in the DUT.
These countermeasures are listed in the comportable IP Hjson file located at `hw/ip/<ip>/data/<ip>.hjson` (or equivalent).

On OpenTitan, a security countermeasures testplan is auto-generated (the first time) by the `reggen` tool for each DUT, and is placed at `hw/ip/<ip>/data/<ip>_sec_cm_testplan.hjson` (or equivalent).
This testplan has been imported into the main testplan written for the DUT.

> Tests implemented to verify the security countermeasures have been mapped to these testpoints.

Reviewer: I am not sure what is meant by this? should this have been :
```suggestion
Coverpoints implemented to verify the security countermeasures have been mapped to these test points.
```

Reviewer 2: I think that "testpoint" is a term of art and (here) means "entries in the testplan". So I think Sri's text makes sense.

Of course, I also think that a competent DV engineer will write coverpoints to make sure that his/her proposed test does actually tickle the countermeasure in question.

Author: That is correct.
